once you've lived at the same place for
a little while it's really easy to take
it beauty for granted the everyday
beauty of Mancha this is one of the
best-known intersections called Tonka
shoe you can see there this sort of
decorative stone to commemorate the
place and then this strange island
completely covered with our
semi-tropical verdant overgrowth as I
turn around here this is really the main
drag this is the single most important
major street in the city and you can see
I mean it's not a pretty street it's not
some kind of manicured little side
street the big tower in the distance is
the town's biggest shopping mall and the
ground floor is also a hotel and a gym
in that complex actually I don't ever
use that gym but we do have the towering
palm trees going up and down the block
the whole way so again a turn around
here is the Sanka Shue one of the
busiest most important intersections of
the city
and then as they walk down here there's
some just car repair shops this is it's
not a touristy area town or something
places here to get your motorcycle
repaired and this kind of thing all with
these beautiful palm trees towering
overhead this is just as the sun's
beating to set it's gonna guess from the
coloring actually the other side of this
intersection we have when I was first
giving my girlfriend of walking tour of
the town his local bus service going
past I remember I used to say to or that
you know this is the ugliest street in
the city when I'm just coming up to here
just past these automotive shops so on I
said you see the city but you know still
pretty beautiful I think that's true I
mean this in every city I've lived it in
France sorry there's that towering tree
again Sanka Shu
so back when there was intact forest
cover here we had 40 meter high canopy
well 30 meters 30 meters 40 meters where
the soil was especially good but yeah we
said hi-hi-hi forest canopy in this part
of the world oh divisions irony Oh Timmy
G so this street is all business it's as
messy as anything guess who's gonna say
when I lived in
this is what I called the ugly street in
the city still some cute stuff around
this is a cute little chain of two shops
actually we don't have a whole lot of
this kind of cafe culture here but this
is the cute cafe and I was gonna say
when I lived in France every every city
had kind of just one Street where the
government put in a lot of money to
manicure the street put up a lot of
trees make it look good for tourists we
kind of won one street and one big
square where you can see the taxpayers
dollars at work and here in Mancha it's
the everyday beauty of the place it's
being surrounded by the mountains and
beautiful views of the mountains when
I'm at work on the University campus
it's you know the trees that line the
street of course the overall lack of
crowdedness compared to many other
overpopulated parts of China and it's a
beauty that you start to take for
granted of problems here just long
enough to take these things for granted
and now I'm gonna pack up and go home
although really I ain't got no home
there is no place in this world that I
call home anymore
but in any case it's it's time for me to
go